---
course_id: 6130
quiz_id: 50274
id: 344391
type: multiple_answers_question
sources:
- name: Intro to Deployment
  url: https://learning.flatironschool.com/courses/6130/pages/intro-to-deployment
---

# Environments

Which of the following are examples of common application environments? Select
all that apply.

## Correct

Production

> Bingo! When your application is deployed to a server, it will be running in a
> **production** environment. Some features you have available in the
> development environment, like debugging tools and hot-reloading when the code
> is changed, aren't available in this environment. Instead, the focuses of a
> production environment are to run your application quickly; be resilient to
> errors (and to keep a log of what goes wrong); to handle lots of traffic; and
> generally to make your application as great as it can be for your users.

## Correct

Development

> Right! When you're working on your application locally, running the code on
> your personal computer, it's running in the **development** environment. In a
> development environment, you should be able to easily use debugging tools and
> code analysis tools (like ESLint, which warns you when you're using React
> incorrectly). You should be able to quickly see the result of adding new code
> and how that affects your application.

## Correct

Testing

> Correct! When your test runner (like Jest or Pytest) is running, it runs in a
> **testing** environment. In this environment, your code should run as quickly
> as possible so that you can get rapid feedback on your application by running
> your test suite. It should also be as close as possible to your production
> environment (though this comes with tradeoffs related to how quickly your
> tests can run).

## Incorrect

Execution

## Incorrect

Computation

## Incorrect

I don't know.
